---
description: New features, optimizations, and bug fixes.
---

# 2023

## V1.2.0 BETA (14 Jan 2023)

### Features

* CBIndex Official Website: add more information about CBIndex DApp.
* Add "favorite index" feature for users to tag favorite indices.
* Add "delete" feature for users to delete their indices.
* Add "save" feature for users to save the index as a draft.
* Add filter to "Indices".
* Add table to "Indices".

### Optimizations

* The "Indices" page's UI.
* Modal notifications.
* Constituent sorting in tables.

### Bugs Fixed

* Fix the sidebar's highlight after refreshing.
* Fix flash issues on some pages.
* Fix the constituent's data presentation issue in tables.



## V1.2.1 BETA (4 Feb 2023)

### Features

* Add "edit" feature for users to edit the index's name and symbol.
* Add "share" feature for users to share an index using its URL.
* Add "capture" feature for users to easily capture the detail of an index.
* "CICS" page with two types of tree patterns.
* Add "CBI indices" to the indices page.
* Add "search" feature to the indices page for users to search an index with its name.
* Add "private" feature to index management.

### Optimizations

* Replace most alerts with modals for better UE.
* Alert when a network error occurs.
* Put constraints on the index's name and symbol.
* Use routers for created index and drafted index pages.
* Add the wallet address of index's creator to the table on the indices page.

### Bugs Fixed

* Error in "/home".&#x20;
* Router error after rebalance.
* Line chart overflow.



## V1.2.2 BETA (18 Feb 2023)

### Features

* Add "mini linechart" in the index table.
* Add an information section in the index detail page.
* Add "visibility" feature, the index can be set to public or private.
* Add "profile" page, including profile image, name, wallet address, and Twitter handle.
* Add a statistic of total market capitalization.&#x20;

### Optimizations

* Optimize the login function in the header.
* Optimize the entire UI framework.
* Optimize the data feed of tokens, and improve mock and actual index update rates.

### Bugs Fixed

* No notification when creating an index with no name and symbol.
* Pagination is not working.
* Invalid rendering of the index table in the "index list" page.
* Loading modal cannot be closed when bad requests of tokens.



## V1.3.1 BETA (4 Mar 2023)

### Features

* Add "index comparison" feature.
* Support BTC price and ETH price in the index comparison.
* Support public index comparison in the index comparison.
* Support Binance's token data for index creation.

### Optimizations

* Notification when login expires.
* Login and logout status.
* InfluxDB storage.

### Bugs Fixed

* Incorrect calculation of index weight.
* Incorrect login status.
* Error clicking the "favorite" button when not logged in.



## V1.4.0 BETA (11 Mar 2023)

### Features

* Add "request token inclusion" feature.
* Add the support of Binance data, now support CoinGecko and Binance.
* Add "save" feature for index comparison.
* Add "automatic rebalance" feature for the indices with CMC and EW calculation methods.

### Optimizations

* Omit the data with zero values in index linechart



## V1.4.1 BETA (18 Mar 2023)

### Features

* Add "announcement" and "notification" features.
* Add "index return" information displayed on the index detail page.
* Add the log(x) method for the line chart.

### Optimizations

* Display name instead of wallet address for "creator".
* Change index tables to dropdown style to make it clean.
* UI of index tables, especially the mini linechart in the table.
* Display the rebalancing rule on the index detail page.
* Add the Binance50-USD index to the carousel on the indices page.

### Bugs Fixed

* No confirming modal after submitting the "add token" request.
* All tokens are displayed in the dropdown menu of the "add token" feature, which should exclude the existing ones.



## V1.4.2 BETA (25 Mar 2023)

### Features

* Support the creation of index based on the CICS.
* Add two charts to the index detail page: constituent market capitalization and weight.
* Add a "freezing" feature to the line chart so that users can checkout the data of the "frozen point" in the table.
* Add two tables to the index detail page: index value change and index performance.

### Optimizations

* Change the tooltip style for events in the line chart.

### Bugs Fixed

* Unified the return calculation methods.
* Fix the disappearance of the follow button.
* Fix the issue of entering the indices page without logging in.
* Fix the error that occurred when saving without a name on the comparison page.



## V1.5.0 BETA (1 Apr 2023)

### Features

* Application structure upgrades.
* Add a "Discovery" page.
* Add the data source and official tag in the index table.

### Optimizations

* Tooltip constraints on the CICS-related page.
* Responsive design.



## V1.5.1 BETA (8 Apr 2023)

### Features

* Add CMI index and related filtering mechanisms.
* Add CDI index and related filtering mechanisms.
* Add a percentage in the public index page showing the gainers' percent.
* Add "automatic save as draft" for index creation.
* Add a "CICS" tag for the index created using CICS.
* Add constituent price in the table.
* Add two pie charts (constituent weight at index date and latest weight) to the index detail page.

### Optimizations

* Remove time scales that are smaller than 1D for line charts.
* The creator of the official indices is shown as the "CypherBebal Index (CBI)."
* UE of the "From CICS" page.
* UE of the "Index Creation" page.

### Bugs Fixed

* Cache after the website's update.
* Error at "24H change" when the new index is less than 24 hours.
* The vertical axis of line charts when there is no second data series.



## V1.5.2 BETA (15 Apr 2023)

### Features

* Add treemap for CICS.
* Add "batch deletion" for drafted indices.
* Add "set index date" for index creation.



## V1.5.3 BETA (22 Apr 2023)

### Features

* Integrate Wallet Connect.

### Optimizations

* CICS treemap.



## V1.5.4 BETA (8 May 2023)

### Features

* Dual language support (English and Chinese).



## V1.6.0 BETA ( 13 May 2023)

### Features

* Add fund creation simulator.
* Add fund investment simulator.
* Add a wallet for the fund simulator.
* Fund automatic rebalance based on its tracking index's rebalancing.

### Optimizations

* Fee calculations (management fee, redemption fee, and performance fee) in the fund simulator.

### Bugs Fixed

* Table display in MyDashboard.



## V1.6.1 BETA ( 20 May 2023)

### Features

* Support sUDST (simulator USDT used in the fund simulator) and add its faucet.

### Optimizations

* Page routing.



## V1.6.2 BETA ( 3 Jun 2023)

### Features

* Support actively managed funds in the fund simulator.
* BTC and ETC price comparison in the detail page of the simulated fund.

### Optimizations

* Data precision of the fund simulator.
* UE and UI of sUSDT faucet.

### Bugs Fixed

* Data error when redemption success.
* Wallet-connect popup when initiating the app.



## V1.6.3 BETA ( 10 Jun 2023)

### Features

* Add social media sharing, including Twitter and Tele.
* Add rebase feature for index comparison.
* Add rebase feature added to the fund detail page.
* Add a table of investment ROI on the fund detail page.
* Add "investor amount" on the fund detail page.&#x20;
* Add "All-time Return" on the fund detail page.
* Add "share price" and "change" data in the line chart on the fund detail page.
* Add claim sUSDT feature.

### Optimizations

* Detailed design and optimization of the fund simulator.
* UI optimization for social media sharing feature.
* UI  and UE optimization for the buttons in the line chart on the fund detail page.
* Add a tag for the fund manager.
* UI optimization for the fund detail page.
* UI optimization for the action buttons.
* Highlight "fund creator" in the investor table on the fund detail page.
* UI and UE optimization for claiming sUSDT feature.

### Bugs Fixed

* "Claim sUSDT" works without logging in.
* Data precision was not consistent.&#x20;
* Time parsing error on the fund detail page.



## V1.7.0 BETA ( 17 Jun 2023)

### Features

* Add "1h" and "2h" fund data for the line chart on the fund detail page.
* Smart contract for constraint configuration.
* Smart contract for fund fees.
* Smart contract for price feed.
* Off-chain data calculation for various fund data.
* Smart contract for fund creation.
* Smart contract for fund interaction.
* Smart contract for core logic of on-chain fund.

### Optimizations

* Use a placeholder in the update time for the index that hasn't been updated.
* Unify time parsing.
* CBI protocol design and optimization.

### Bugs Fixed

* Precision error on price data parsing in the fund table.
* Responsive layout error on the fund detail page.
* Index creation time and update are inconsistent.
* The results are incorrect for index search.
* Rebasing error after loading.
